---
layout: post
title:  Day 35&#58; Rebasing
date:   2015-08-07 17:00:35
categories: hackreactor
comments: true
---


### What did you learn today?

I learned about rebasing for project workflow when working in teams. For Project Greenfield (our sprint over solo week), we will be working on small (and hopefully isolated features) as we build towards an MVP. We learned how to rebase our local branches after pull requests are merged into the master branch on Git. We also learned about the importance of communication and code review.

### Did you learn anything new about yourself?

I should stop while I'm ahead sometimes.

I managed to add some stylish SVG icons to the footer of the blog, and then I went on a CSS style and HTML re-structuring spree to make the blog better. I also decided to find better colors for code syntax highlighting, and I added Google Analytics tracking (which was easy... but really? really do I need that now?) I ended up breaking lots of things and needed to revert the history as I went to restructure the HTML on pages and posts. I was too tired to figure out how to revert my commits with Git. I ended up starting a new project directory with the working blog files to a new directory. I'll need to sort all of that out tomorrow.

### Anything you want to do differently tomorrow?

Tomorrow is HackReactor's hiring day assessment, and it's my last day as a junior. I'm excited to tackle the 5 hour assessment and to show myself all that I've learned in the last 6 weeks. I've been coding 8 hours or more a day and working on sprints every two days that have often been outside of my comfort zone and skills. I'm excited to see if I've retained those skills and even more excited to sleep in over the next few days.

I would also like to tackle this [visualization challenge](http://www.storytellingwithdata.com/blog/2015/8/3/visualization-challenge-world-population-forecast). I want to create a section on my blog dedicated to data visualization and data narratives. I think this section of my blog will focus on static and dynamic graphics (especially interaction), something similar to Cole Nussbaumer's illustrative blog StorytellingWithData.com and Steven Few's cogent site PerceptualEdge.com.
